Brother, just leave it here. Stop
Be honest with me.
Who are you?
The peach man tied you up.
Yes, yes, don't worry.
I have a bottom line in what I do
I poked Su Wanqing
So what's next?
What he said last time
You go to contact Van Dasen first
Control his every move
Soon he will find that Su Wanqing is missing
In the hands of Brother Biao
Knock him first
OK
50 million before Brother Biao released Su Wanqing
Cut off his face again
Aren't you on top?
50 million won't give me a cent
Hey, don't worry.
Put the money in my hand first.
Let's continue to lay out and take down Fan Dasen
kill two birds with one stone
How can you guarantee that?
Fan Dasen bought Su Wanqing
You will definitely fall in love with me
Why don't you have confidence in yourself?
No, of course not.
Yeah, you have to believe in yourself.
Besides, the money hasn't arrived yet
Don't worry about that, you see, hahaha.